today's video is sponsored by Nord
please stick around after the sketch to
see another sketch that happens to be
paid for
any requests how about a little queen
got you
[Music]
what else you want to hear now come on
man I want to hear the rest of it what
what's wrong people are usually just
satisfied with that part yeah but I want
to hear the whole thing yeah but I think
it's played out how about some piano man
okay
[Music]
are you gonna finish it how about some
journey huh dinner
huh do you know anything all the way
through I've been playing piano for 19
years I know you're really good but
that's not what I asked you I can go
really fast too I'm sure you can that's
very nice you want to hear a little
Coldplay no I want to hear you finish
something I don't know what you mean do
you even know heart and soul of course I
do
[Music]
bum bum bum
I think that's enough playing for today
hey you know what before I leave this
room I need to see that you can finish
something of course I can oh my god it's
getting worse can you play for me the
the C major scale yeah that's all I want
okay if you if you just finished the C
major scale you'll have finished
something I'll be happy and the curse
will be broken and I can go home okay
you ready of Cour okay
[Music]
almost there you see it right is this
one then please I'm trying just finish
the scale just hit the hi-c and you're
done okay you just gotta hit that one no
just hit it with me
it's like there's a force field around
him you can do it I don't know how to
end this sketch excuse me sir yeah I
have this idea for a spy movie if you
want to hear it chip okay so this hacker
guy goes to a coffee shop guy and he
uses the free Wi-Fi to see who's online
and that's when he sees our hero this
Buy and he hacks his computer yeah
that's unrealistic what why the hero
probably has Nord VPN he's protected
okay well let's pretend that he doesn't
have Nord VPN why wouldn't he is he dumb
is that the movie no maybe he just
hasn't heard of it before we got a
person logs onto public Wi-Fi where you
could easily get hacker Oney and cheese
without protection I mean you can
literally get military-grade encryption
on the cheap right now
macaroni and cheese did you know that
you can protect your computer and your
phone for only $2.99 a month if you go
to north VPN com sighs Daniel Thrasher I
did not know that we're talking seventy
five percent off a three year plan and
if you use the code
Daniel Thrasher you get an extra month
for free that's great but can we get
back to talking about the movie I love
it I love the movie okay I'll give you a
million dollars to make this happen
that's amazing I was thinking about
calling it the web of spies nah I've got
a better title than that
okay I'm gonna call it Nord VPN comm /
Daniel Thrasher click the link in the
description that's the main title the
main title and the subtitle will say use
code Daniel Thrasher to get an extra
month free that seems a little wordy but
it's gonna save lives Carl my name is
Brandon go wake up all right
[Music]